The 20MX switch kit is ... insanely good. The installation was kind of tedious as others have mentioned, but took around 70 mins total with the help of my brother. I like the lack of tools required, only a normal phillips head is a cool way to go. Cable management was easy, and the only real criticism my brother pointed out is that the preinstalled switches were not rotated correctly in the housing sometimes, yet other times they were. This means that a user (such as us) would try to force the first one or two, potentially damaging the housing / button. We figured out to rotate them after that, but that took around 25 mins of the assembly time. 

The switches themselves
Once installed, i felt them by playing training mode in melee and ultimate. They felt (and sounded) amazing. A much chunkier click than the sanwas, and after a week of use, no inconsistencies in the buttons. On my old sanwas, buttons such as jump and up were very easy to press, while r/y were not. This is not the case with these new switches. Actuation feels a lot easier and more consistent. The sound allows for a better understanding of your inputs. I could see the case being made for these switches improving your consistency for high-tech skill inputs.

The results of use (in tourney)
in both melee and ult, i experienced the same effects so I won't be game-specific. The day after i installed them, i played at a mid size local. I performed slightly worse than usual in high pressure situations, but my neutral was CRISP. Drifting aerials feels much easier now, IMO. On the old sanwas if a game wasn't going my way, I would kind of lose track of my current inputs. This is not the case with the gateron clears. Every single time i die in a match, i know what input i messed up and how to fix it next time. I swear to god, the combination of the sound and the consistent actuation allows for a much cleaner playstyle, and a better understanding of your inputs/mistakes as a result of it. I believe this is the true b0xx. I can write more later or answer any questions just LMK.

-K^END^ALL 
// Second best fox smash ultimate CFL
// Trash fox in melee